> Describe a time you had good experience in the countryside。

>a poor vilage
poor access to transport
live in poverty
teach lessions
learn english

>summery holiday

>needy people
fire enthusiasm 
break the cycle of poverty

I'd like to talk about the experience as a volunteer teacher in a poor village, the access to transport  was poor in this place and all people livied in poverty.

I taught some ~~lessions~~ **lessons** in the school of this ~~villeage~~ **village** and taught children about how to learn English by teaching them some basic ~~setences~~ **sentences** and  also ~~some~~ vocabulary. 

It was during the ~~summary~~ summer holiday, when we didn't have many things to do, and I had a lot of free time ~~to~~ at disposal. That's why I ~~join~~ joined a volunteer programme and worked as a volunteer teacher with my classmates. 

It's quite enjoyable because I ~~can~~ could see how my work could help children. I had a sense of achievement because I could  use my ~~konwledege~~ knowledge to help needy people. If my classes could fire ~~children~~ children's ~~enthuseatic~~ enthusiasm for ~~learn English~~ language learning, they may study hard to pick up this language. In the ~~furture~~ future, they ~~could~~ are likely to  break the ~~circle~~ cycle of poverty, if they master ~~the~~ this language.  

we also gave these children many books for free, These books were donated by ~~charites~~ some **charities** and libraries, Children can use these books for slef-study.

