> Describle your ~~faviorate~~ **favourite** film.

>~~summr~~ **summer** hoilday, watch films online, watch onlion news

>receive a formal education for free, from poor families

>living condition, stydu hard, find decent job, get rid of poverty


My favourite film is about a teacher who volunteered **to** work in a poor ~~viliage~~ **village**. I watched ~~the~~ this film during summer holiday. I had ~~planty~~ **plenty** of spare time, and I ~~have nothing~~ got nothing serious to do, so I spent a lot of time ~~in~~ **on** Internet every day.

I watched the film ~~onlion~~ online, I was watching online news, and there was a video which introduced this film, so I watched it.

The main ~~charater~~ **character** of the film is a young teacher who ~~choose~~ chooses to go to a small ~~villege~~ village and work there. ~~Alghough~~ **Although** he ~~receieves~~ received no pay, He is the only teacher there, but because of him, children from poor families in this village are able to **receive** a formal education for free.

The film ~~shorts~~ shot most ~~scence~~ **scenes** in a rural school, which doesn't ~~even have~~ have even basic equipment. Although living ~~condition~~ **conditions** are poor, all children ~~are~~ study ~~very~~ hard. ~~and~~ They eventually find work and  get rid of poverty.

This film has taught me how education important is, and how education could change one's life. This film ~~is also~~ has also changed my perception of what ~~define~~ defines a good job, Apart from the income, there are many other things ~~I need to consider~~ which I should consider, for example, whether the job is meaningful or not.