A large proportion of ~~wasted~~ waste from households is not recycled, and some people consider it necessary to enforce a laws to deal with this problem. This is possibly a viable solution, but I do not agree that it is the only option.

if recycling waste is legally required, people will possibly do it; otherwise, they can be punished. Regulatory requirements serve as a deterrent as any punishment, either fine or community order, can impact on one's life. If they pay a fine for failing to sort rubbish, for example, they may have less money for covering living expenses. In cases where they reoffend, they may even be required to clean streets or pick up litter in public. To avoid these consequences, they will choose to dispose these rubbish in the same way as instructed by the government.

~~Despiate~~ **Despite** the ~~potiential~~ potential outcome of the legal approach. it mat not be necessary when the ~~goverment~~ government has successfully ~~taught~~ educated the public to recycle ~~waste~~ as much  waste as possible. People dump waste recklessly because they do not realise the environmental benefit of recycling and the appropriate ways to do it. If schools and communities dissminate knowledge about cycling, all citizens can form habits of reusing waste whenever possible from a young age. Some publicity campanies, for instance, provide information about what items can be recycled and what facilities collect these items. If prople take recycling as a normal part of their lives, they would engage in this activity voluntarily in the absence of  tough laws.

In conclusion, legal change may be requied in some communities or countries where people do not feel the need to recycle, but it is unnecessary if people have been taught to develop this habit since childhood.